Cherish and protect our children. What?
Not bad, why didn't you tell me that you were still alive?
An Chu went to force it in person first, and I thought she would have to endure it a little longer later.
The prince is dead, give it to her, I said mother.
You took action, the bottom is gone.
Yes, I said mom.
An Chu only recognizes me now, give her some time.
what is going on?
That day when you were called to the ward by your legs, she suddenly started to breathe.
You choose for a long time, she voted everything in the car.
So these five years
I will support you and take care of him again
When you build it yourself
will i recognize again
I have always been to myself
I am celebrating by taking care of him